sql-statements: update ddl assertions behavior (#3787)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

### DDL

> In TiDB, all supported DDL changes are performed online. The following major restrictions apply to DDL versus MySQL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In TiDB, all supported DDL changes are performed online. Compared with DDL operations in MySQL, the DDL operations in TiDB have the following major restrictions:
```

* Multiple operations cannot be completed in a single `ALTER TABLE` statement. For example, it is not possible to add multiple columns or indexes in a single statement. Otherwise, the `Unsupported multi schema change` error might be output.
* Different types of indexes (`HASH|BTREE|RTREE|FULLTEXT`) are not supported, and will be parsed and ignored when specified.
* Adding/Dropping the primary key is unsupported unless [`alter-primary-key`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#alter-primary-key) is enabled.
* Change/Modify data type does not currently support "lossy changes", such as changing from BIGINT to INT.
* Change/Modify decimal columns does not support changing the precision.
* Change/Modify integer columns does not permit changing the `UNSIGNED` attribute.

> * The syntax `ALGORITHM={INSTANT,INPLACE,COPY}` functions only as an assertion in TiDB, and does not modify the alter algorithm. See [`ALTER TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-table.md) for further details.

Reviewer: Since "alter" is generally used as a verb, it's not recommended to use it as a noun. How about using the inline code format for it?
```suggestion
* The `ALGORITHM={INSTANT,INPLACE,COPY}` syntax functions only as an assertion in TiDB, and does not modify the `ALTER` algorithm. See [`ALTER TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-table.md) for further details.
```
